In a large stockpot or Dutch oven over medium high heat, combine spaghetti, mushrooms, zucchini, peas, garlic, thyme and 4 1/2 cups water; season with salt and pepper, to taste.Bring to a boil; reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, until pasta is cooked through and liquid has reduced, about 8-10 minutes. Stir in Parmesan and heavy cream.
Serve immediately.
Heat a large skillet on medium-high heat, add 1 tablespoon butter and 1 tablespoon olive oil until melted.
Add fresh shrimp and half the minced garlic. Make sure shrimp is not crowded. Cook for 1 minute on one side until pink on that side. While it's cooking, generously sprinkle paprika and salt over uncooked side of the shrimp. Flip the shrimp over and cook for another 1 or 2 minutes until pink on the other side.To the skillet with shrimp, add chopped fresh tomatoes, cooked spinach, and remaining amount of minced garlic.
Add 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper (or more).
Mix everything well, remove from heat while you cook pasta.In the mean time cook pasta according to package instructions.
Drain and rinse with cold water to prevent pasta from cooking and getting mushy.
Add pasta to the skillet with shrimp and vegetables with 1 or 2 tablespoons of butter.
Add freshly squeezed lemon juice (depending on the juiciness of your lemon, it could be 1/4 of small lemon or 1/2 lemon). Don't add too much lemon juice. Season with salt and more crushed red pepper. Warm it up on medium heat until shrimp is cooked through, and all ingredients are heated through.To serve, top with grated Parmesan cheese.
Heat a large skillet until hot - add 2 tablespoons of olive oil and immediately add garlic and shrimp, cook on one side for about 1 minute until pink on one side, on medium-high heat.  Flip the shrimp to the other side, sprinkle the top of cooked side of shrimp with dry basil, paprika, and salt, cook for another 1-2 minutes, occasionally stirring, until shrimp is pink on both sides.
Remove the shrimp from skillet.  If shrimp is a little undercooked - it's OK because you will continue cooking it in the sauce.To the same skillet add sliced mushrooms.
Add more olive oil if necessary.  Cook on high heat for about 2 minutes, occasionally stirring, until mushrooms become soft and release juices.  Salt midway through cooking.To the skillet with mushrooms, add cooked shrimp.  Immediately add 1 cup half and half and all of the cheese - bring to boil, then reduce to simmer, and cook, constantly stirring, until all cheese melts.  Cover with lid and remove from heat.Cook pasta according to package instructions.  Reserve some of pasta water.
Drain and rinse pasta with cold water.
Add pasta to the skillet with shrimp and mushrooms and cream sauce.  Stir well, season with more salt and add more crushed red pepper flakes and basil, if desired.  If the cream sauce is too thick and you want it creamier - add some pasta water in small amounts until you reach desired consistency.
Preheat oven to 450 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large pot of boiling salted water, cook pasta according to package instructions; drain well.
Place asparagus in a single layer onto the prepared baking sheet.
Drizzle with olive oil, salt and pepper, to taste; gently toss to combine.
Place into oven and roast for 8-12 minutes, or until tender but crisp.
Let cool before cutting into 1-inch pieces. In a large bowl, combine pasta, asparagus, pesto, sun dried tomatoes and mozzarella.
Serve immediately with a fried egg, if desired.
Cook the macaroni following package directions.
Drain in a colander and rinse with hot water.
Drain well.Generously butter the sides and bottom of a 3½- to 4-quart slow cooker (I use about 2 tablespoons of butter).
Combine the macaroni with the remaining ingredients in the slow cooker and blend well. Cover the slow cooker and cook on LOW for 2½ to 3½ hours, stirring a few times.If desired, spoon the cooked macaroni and cheese mixture into a baking dish, sprinkle with a little more cheese, and put under the broiler for a minute or 2, just until cheese is melted.When the macaroni and cheese is done, feel free to spoon into a baking dish, top with a little more cheese, and put under the broiler for a minute or two for that “fresh from the oven” look.
Cook tortellini according to directions listed on package.Meanwhile, in a large and deep skillet or saucepan, melt butter over medium heat.
Add garlic and saute 30 seconds, then add flour and onion powder and cook, stirring constantly, 1 minute. While whisking, slowly pour in milk and cream, then whisk until smooth. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture begins to simmer, then add tomatoes, spinach, basil and oregano. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Cook several minutes longer until sauce has thickened and spinach has wilted.
Add parmesan cheese and stir until melted.
Remove from heat.Toss prepared and drained tortellini into sauce mixture (note that as the pasta rests, the sauce will seem thicker and it will sort of soak into the noodles. So, if you won't be serving it for 10 minutes or so you can stir in some pasta water, milk or cream to thin it out if desired).
Serve warm sprinkled with additional parmesan cheese if desired and optional red pepper flakes.Recipe Source: adapted with some changes from allrecipes.com
Place all dressing ingredients in a blender and process until smooth.Cook pasta according to package directions.
Drain and run under cold water.Toss diced avocado with lime juice.
Combine all ingredients in a large bowl gently toss with dressing. Refrigerate 1 hour before serving.Refrigerate before serving.
